dlb network case the gayness
hey y'all in this video I'll be showing
you guys how to clean out the dust
inside your Playstation 3 by doing the
fan test to do a more thorough job you
can check out my previous video called
how to disassemble the playstation 3
that goes through how to open it up and
you know you can clean it out better
that way but if you don't want to void
your warranty this is a great way of
doing it as well so let's get into it
you
and there you have it ladies and
gentlemen that's all you have to do to
clean out the dust inside your
Playstation 3 going to do a more
thorough job you can go ahead check out
my previous video like I said before how
to disassemble the PlayStation 3 how to
open it up and you could do it that way
apart from that that's all I got for
this episode y'all stay tuned there's
more to come
alright y'all know me I'm part of the
deal B Network that's deal B -
network.com go check out that site
you'll definitely be surprised on what
you see there's a whole lot of
information whole lot of news that you
really want to check out it's pretty
interesting that's all I got that's all
the time I have y'all take it easy all
right peace